# Robot-Assisted Precision Irrigation Delivery (RAPID)

Precision irrigation has been proposed as a way to efficiently use water in agricultural contexts by determining irrigation levels based on individual plant needs. In the past, successfully implementing such a system that scales has been difficult due to high costs for accurate sensors at the plant level. However, with advancements in UAVs as well as sensing and imaging technology, a new generation of precision irrigation systems are becoming a reality by using machine learning techniques on newly available, high-quality data. Since many of these new systems still rely on conducting field experiments to acquire data, we propose using a simulator to speed up development.

## Simulator

We developed a first-order plant growth simulator in a vineyard that generates synethic aerial images of the vineyard over time. We consider two main factors in the simulation: an irrigation rate applied to each plant, and a local soil moisture dissipation rate for each plant, capturing the rate of water loss due to factors such as soil drainage, water uptake by the plant itself, etc.

## Dataset

To explore the potential of machine learning to learn soil properties from aerial images, we created a dataset. The examples are aerial images generated by the simulator, and the label for each image is a 200-dimensional vector containing the local soil moisture dissipation rates at each of the 200 plants that was used to generate the image. For all examples, a constant rate of irrigation is applied at each timestep. The training dataset contains 1200 such examples, and the test dataset contains 200 examples.
